Documentation of the current library code (#98)
dafny-lang/libraries: src/dafny/DafnyCore.md

It is open source and available [on github](https://github.com/dafny-lang/libraries). 
This document is meant to give an overall introduction. Also helpful are the annotated examples
in the github repository [here](https://github.com/dafny-lang/libraries/tree/master/examples).

## Content of the Core Library

The sections below describe how to use each of the principal modules of the library:
- [Dafny.Results](Results) -- containers that enable encapsulaton of success and failure results in a single datatype
- [Dafny.BoundedInts](BoundedInts) -- definitions of types and constants for bounded integer arithmetic
- [Dafny.FileIO](FileIO/FileIO) -- basic input and output operations
- [Dafny.Math](Math) --- basic mathematical operations and lemmas
- [Dafny.Unicode](Unicode/Unicode) --- tools to manipulate unicode characters and strings
- [Dafny.Collections](Collections/Collections) -- functions and lemmas about sequences, sets and maps
- [Dafny.NonlinearArith](NonlinearArithmetic/NonlinearArithmetic) --  lemmas and functions for non-linear arithmetic
- [Dafny.Relations](Relations) -- predicates and lemmas about properties of functions

## How to use the library

> One uses the library on the command-line by including a path to the library in the `--library` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One uses the library on the command-line by including a path to the library as an argument to the `--library` option.
```

At present, you must have a copy of the library in your file system to use the library. Either

> - obtain a release zip file from [the library github release page](https://github.com/dafny-lang/libraries/releases) and unzip it in a folder of your choice, or

Reviewer: Do you have any thoughts about when/how we should start creating releases?

Author: That will take some discussion with Robin, so I'm not taking bets.

- clone the library repository (`git clone https://github.com/dafny-lang/libraries.git`) to a location of your choice

In either case, the relevant directory to point the `--library` option to is named `dafny`, either at the top of the zip file or at `libraries/src/dafny` in the clone, or to the `DafnyCore.dfy` file in that directory. 

Some functionality is implemented using native target language capabilities (e.g. FileIO). In these cases, a compiled program must also includ the relevant target

> language files that are included in this Dafny Core distribution.

Reviewer: Maybe refer to the `FileIO` docs here as an example?

Author: Done
